Hello and welcome to the front end take home challenge at Neologic. We're very excited for you to be working on this and to review your work following your submission and hopefully discuss it together in the panel interview following the assignment. Just to give you a couple of pointers to make sure that we set you up to succeed in this challenge. What we expect at Neologic for when it comes to front end specifically on UI is attention to detail. We are going to care a lot about layouts. We're going to care a lot about the down to the pixel that things are looking like they're supposed to. So please do inspect things. Please make sure that you have the right colors pointed out that you have looked at all of the states. So you have the timeline default view here. You have a hover state or when users hover to be able to click to add dates. You have an expanded view of the drop down here to change the time scale. The default time scale should be month. Here you have an example of hovering over an existing item on the timeline to reveal the hover options. And here you have a clicked version of the hover options which will allow you to edit or delete. Please make sure you don't use system drop downs that don't look like these. Like it should be styled exactly like this. Make sure that when you go to edit or create a work order that you have the correct drop shadow behind the side panel, you have the correct width on the side panel, you have the correct overlay. Make sure that placement is correct here. You can see that there's a transform on the status drop down which is that when it's collapsed, you'll see the pill version. When it is expanded, you'll see that it's a plain text. So open will be transformed to the pill when it's when it's collapsed. You have the default states here which has the placeholder text. You have an active state of the text field which is the same for the for the date picker of course. Make sure that for the date picker, the clicking on the field will activate the date picker not that you have a you shouldn't have a separate entry point for the date picker here marked with a calendar. So just make sure that you've looked through all of these things. And of course you'll be working on sketch cloud here. So make sure that when you go into each individual screen that you inspect. And so you can click on each thing, you inspect and you take the right color codes, you take the right the right styling basically. So that's all. Good luck on the assignment. We hope you find it somewhat enjoyable and we look forward to discussing it with you.